alright guys take four we've been taking
this for quite a while okay let's go
welcome to this channel and today we're
talking about worse that you're
mispronouncing in the English language
and I have two guests today Regina we do
hello yay she's from the Ukraine and she
speaks Ukrainian Russian and English and
Antonio is from Mexico and he speaks
Spanish go
yeah Spanish in English okay so guys
what I'll be doing right now I will be
showing you words on my iPhone and you
will need to read them out loud and I
will tell you whether it's correct or
not awesome you should notice that I
will be kind of teaching them American
pronunciation so in Britain or in some
other countries people pronounce this
words differently
first her her okay that's wrong in
America you see the first age wow that's
it yeah the British people say hub but
in America say her I was also surprised
that when it came to California I wanted
to like order herbal tea and I said
herbal and people are applied with
herbal I'm like what oh that's such a
shut formulaic welcome to California
salmon and I told you that as well yeah
some salmon Sam's yeah so initially they
said Salman again in America it's kind
of wrong because you do not pronounce
the L in in England you say Stallman but
in America say salmon salmon salmon
sandwiches that one's one of my
favorites
Oh Alma it's almond it's it's more of an
oh yeah oh yeah no it's omen leg mill
you know like LEM metal emblem yeah like
almonds but no it Velle but it's a lay
cuz it's French so you don't read the
last row and it's valet valet oh my god
it's like London but Lanka love on ya
balle balle balle barking cost like 20
bucks in LA no that's a huge no yeah you
know you know it okay here you need to
think of this I don't I need quinoa like
your wonderful Banda
quinoa quinoa quinoa quinoa like this
can you know quinoa quinoa and this is
something you know this word right this
is in Spanish yeah you know okay in
Russian it's also quinoa
in your language cannot see you sweets
you see you suit okay
so Sood is actually what you wear okay
and there's also a term when you have
like room ensuite which has bathroom and
it's sweet sweet yeah so like sweet like
candy
so it's suit for the suit what you wear
sweet sweet for the room thank you for
failing and failing go back to school
guys California like American kid you
mm-hmm
and the British shade you yeah okay
schedule schedule yes so in the rhythm
you say schedule in America schedules
could go alright like the hot chocolate
no okay Coco Coco it's not like Coco the
do send me when you ask for Coco Coco
Coco they also they always ask me what
this is Coco Coco Coco Coco yeah that's
nice what is this what is this it's a
very very good for you vitamin CI okay I
say
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I am to speak english' one Silicon
Valley Silicon Valley I don't know KOMO
silicon so some people make mistake by
saying silicon but it's Silicon Valley
San Jose I don't know what's fair
yes it's San Jose in English but in
Spanish and because like California was
founded by Spaniards it's Apple say
there was the San Jose
yeah but San Jose - your sample say that
it here is San Jose Jose
you don't even probably San Jose what is
it
San Jose anyway pre reckoning yeah
your raggedy prerogative morality
prerogative okay because Brittany since
it's my prerogative which is wrong uh in
you say prerogative so you were never a
gurney you're right it's factory
and Edelman parents that's how I
pronounce it
okay Aaron is actually Aaron is so weird
but in English they pronounce the S in
French I think you wouldn't let us know
guys if you're speaking French I think
they would probably bear me in English
Hermes in American English are a
measurement BMW BMW I'll see you double
yeah be it right yeah because you're
like melon balle balle balle so was
right yeah you weren't close to right oh
no no no what what is this 17 that's the
evening when you have guy Lee now you
mean the name oh my god dinner gala
gather or Jolla I don't know I want to
watch because your finger is not oh no
you got galya galya galya galya dinner
it's fancy dinner when you wear long
dress gala okay voila
yeah your clothes and wallah well it's
not because in Russian say uh-huh
but yeah voila voila well yeah you see
how tough it is guys you see how many
words like when you'd go to different
locations of words a completely
different so the only way to learn them
alright guys thank you so much they
might ask to you guys because these guys
are on my challenge she's your second
time in my gym is your first time on my
channel so I would really appreciate if
you like this video because this is the
way of showing support to these guys
thank you so so much washing up to the
very end if you're not subscribed to
this channel there is a red button below
click it right now to not miss the next
video but it's awesome guys thank you so
much do this like thank you
but
[Music]